you
hey Billy going to look my way
love's in the air tonight bet you can
make this cellblock stay epiny going to
lick my way hey pretty girl can I have
this dance and the next one after that
gonna make your mind there's a real good
chance hey pretty girl can I have this
dance
hey pretty girl it feels all right just
like it's meant to be all wrapped up in
my arm so tight hey pretty girl it feels
all right laughs a lowly whining ride
but Heather I've won by your side but
happiness don't drag its feet time moves
faster than anything
a pretty girl wanna take you home my
mama's gonna love you she'll make me
sleep on the couch I know but hey pretty
girl wanna take you home hey pretty girl
let's build some dreams a house on a
piece of land ban some roots and some
apple trees hey pretty girl let's build
some dreams laughs slowly winding rhyme
that a hella right one biosign but
happiness don't drag his feet
damn is faster than anything
hey pretty girl it did so good our
baby's got your eyes and the fight is
hot like I knew she would a pretty girly
did so good
hey pretty girl and I see the lines when
it's my time to go I'm gonna thank the
love for real good lie a pretty little
girl and a beautiful
I